so how many of you are in town for the
Thanksgiving holiday right now how many
of you are busy
no one is here enjoy if you know and I
just found this out that you could bring
a turkey on the plane but 40 of the TSA
it's okay to pack a cooked turkey in
your carry-on bag for real
Turkey's allowed mashed potatoes are
allowed stuffing is allowed in as much
gravy as you can fit it a three ounce
bottle of shampoo is allowed this is a
big deal because previously the only way
to travel with a turkey is to get a note
from your doctor saying it was a comfort
animal but the TN why is this an
announcement by though who carries a
turkey on the plane call me crazy but if
you have to fly with your own turkey
maybe you should rethink where you're
going
mother's cooking is that bad order
Chinese food Thanksgiving is the day we
drink all day and then blame the turkey
for making us sleepy and one of the many
things we give thanks for every year at
this time is our nation's local
newscasters who really know how to get
us in the holiday spirit
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah well thank you more than 20 million
Americans are facing winter weather
warnings right now which likely lead to
flight cancellations and delays but
don't let the bad weather ruin the
holiday for you that's what your family
is for here here in Southern California
this is true there's a flash flood
warning in effect right now and we're on
fire again we've got it it could get bad
in New York too with all the wind
they're expecting the Macy's
Thanksgiving Day Parade could wind up in
New Jersey this year they actually might
have to ground the floats at the parade
this is the forecast for Thanksgiving
day across the country it is not good
kid president Trump uses magic weather
Sharpie
you know Donald Trump wants to get his
poll numbers up I was thinking about it
today he shouldn't institute a travel
ban for Thanksgiving week no one's
allowed to go anywhere sorry mom I was
really looking forward to my connecting
flight in to Akron asleep in a child
sized bed but it's illegal now you want
me to go to jail our our yam headed
president is headed to Mara Lago for the
holiday today he was busy pardoning
turkeys at the White House today the
president pardoned two turkeys and I
think a Kentucky Fried Chicken while he
was at it Trump was in an especially
magnanimous mood today and it seemed to
really relish this very silly annual
tradition today we also come together to
honor the beautiful feathered friend the
noble Turkey and that's a beauty
but ER I wish you a lot of luck I hereby
grant you a full and complete pardon for
what those turkeys should be pardoning
him by the way yesterday the President
signed the women's suffrage Centennial
commemorative coin act to establish a
coin honoring the 100th anniversary of
woman's right to vote and you're not
gonna believe this was somehow he found
a way to make that event about him and
I'm curious why wasn't it done a long
time ago and also I guess the answer to
that is because now I'm president we get
together we get a lot of things done
that nobody else got done yeah yeah well
whether nothing screams equal rights
like a woman in a beauty pageant sash
put that back up for a second there you
go that's I love it he asked why this
was a different time ago why did they
wait a hundred years to celebrate the
centennial
mr. president the word Centennial means
uh-huh quiet I'm sweating he's the best
in other
you know that Trump said he was gonna
build a wall in Mexico was gonna pay for
it well he hasn't and and they won't so
with the election coming up he really
wants to get this going
and when you want something done who do
you turn to that's right none other than
Jared Kushner the haunted doll who
dreamed of one day becoming a real boy
jared is now in charge of the wall and
what he lacks in wall building
experience he also lacks in everything
else but was it wasn't he supposed to be
bringing peace to the Middle East that
we give up on that visit good - do you
remember Jim Baker Jim Baker is the
disgraced televangelist he was married
to Tammy Faye Baker he had an affair
with Jessica Hahn he went to prison for
fraud it was a huge story in the 80s
well good news he's back and he has some
earth-shattering information to share
you want to see a chart that you'll blow
your mind I just got this from one of my
newsmen here and in the staff you see
that you see what this is
what this is the lowest earthquake look
we're going along with earthquakes this
is earthquakes and then look at look at
down here maybe so you want to know what
that is that's the election of Donald
Trump why would there be a dip in the
earthquakes at the time of the election
why would there be less earthquakes
there well I would they why did it go
all the way up at the end that's the
question I want answered and by the way
[Applause]
this is an accurate chart of earthquakes
during the time period someone made the
other one up to prove once and for all
that people I guess who watched Jim
Baker aren't very smart meanwhile
there's some big impeachment news today
we learned that the Trump administration
officially put aid to Ukraine on hold
the same day as his infamous call with
the Ukrainian president and he didn't
release that aid until after he found
out about the whistleblower complaint
and yet 50% of Americans are still on
the fence on this how is that possible
everyone knows what happened there's not
a single person involved in this not in
Congress the White House the media who
doesn't know Trump shook down Ukraine
from political dirt his chief of staff
admitted it and said we should get over
it and yet the Democrats are still
building a case like this is an episode
of The Good Wife or something we we know
who done it it's the large orange man
screaming at reporters
but a new poll from CNN found that only
half of Americans think Trump should be
impeached and removed from office and
what's especially mind-boggling is while
Trump is claiming hunter Biden
improperly proper profited from his
father's position this is what Trump's
son Eric tweeted during the impeachment
hearing it is a perfect day for a nice
bottle of this these people are insane
at Trump winery well we must be in this
to go on these truck one thing you
really have to hand it to them they have
no shame at all but most families might
see as humiliation they see as marketing
opportunity in sorting analyze denying
climate change separating families
telling more than 13-thousand lies in
office sucking up to dictators
validating nazis employing white
supremacists and tearing the fabric of
our democracy apart this Thanksgiving
make time for Trump wine because of
vodka went bankrupt
well once it hits the wine that leaves
us
good so furry all right so we have music
night from Bishop Briggs and laura dern
[Applause]
[Music]
laura dern and Andrew yang between
Jurassic Park and the Democratic race
for president both of them are working
hard to defeat dinosaurs you know
Thanksgiving over the years has given
rise to spin-off holidays
some people have friendsgiving which is
like Thanksgiving except with people you
choose to eat with but this year I've
been alerted to what might be the worst
giving holiday of all works giving this
is a Thanksgiving meal at work it's like
regular Thanksgiving but you're in a
conference room eating giblets next to
someone from HR people have been posting
photos of their works givings online and
these are real photo this looks festive
make sure to review the heimlich poster
before you dig in the air here you can
see the office is buzzing with
excitement
you got the folding tables and cubicles
that god it's like the Norman Rockwell
painting but sad hey everybody we have
burgers and soup
oh that looks fun great bean casserole
Mary can I be finished yet and the
chairs say success but the mood says
otherwise this is a very sad new
tradition this is not this has nothing
to do with Thanksgiving please stop
doing this at work this to me this video
captures the spirit of Thanksgiving
maybe more than any video I've ever seen
right first time frying a turkey stay
inside please
[Applause]
no I have a trinket Thanksgiving I this
is what I do to keep the dinner short
works every time
as I'm carving the turkey I say so who's
everybody voting for you know all the
nonsense going on in Washington
Thanksgiving with your family might be
difficult this year so to help avoid any
unwanted drama to get you ready for
anything we've invited a special guest
to the show tonight please welcome your
uncle hello I'll go Happy Thanksgiving
you too can I still say that or is it
happy indigenous foods day no I think
you could still say that thank you for
doing this uncle you know we're trying
to get ahead of some of the hot button
issues that might come up and
Thanksgiving dinner this year and I was
wondering if you could help us out
Oh more liberals looking for handouts
huh yeah sure we uncle's have some real
doozies planned this year you do okay oh
heck yeah we do like what kind of things
well we'll talk about some things you'd
expect this impeachment circus the
climate change hoax aoc biscuit okay all
the greatest yes but this year we're
also planning to dip back into some
topics she thought were dead like
Benghazi and the fact that most lesbians
are witches what witches witches ever
seen a lesbian float what are you
talking about
oh it's not even Christmas yet we
already have a snowflake okay look it's
called free speech I thought you left
the oat milk lovers we're all about the
Constitution oh well it's okay and
speaking of the Constitution how did you
know there's nothing in there that's
saying I have to pay taxes well I'm
pretty sure there's something that says
you have to pay taxes I'll go don't
condescend me you tofurkey eating
nipples sucker
I fought in Korea you did no but almost
okay well listen I think we're getting
sidetracked let's just stick to what you
have in store for Thanksgiving dinner
okay well I wanna I don't want to give
away too much but let's just say I
haven't
good authority that the mexicans helped
hillary win in 2016 but but Hillary
didn't win in 2016
read the transcript Liberace okay this
is we're getting ridiculous and this is
why by the way did you know we almost
didn't invite you over for dinner this
year what I'm your uncle
well you should cherish the time we have
left well it's the things like I said I
have a heart condition you have a heart
condition you're damn right I do and you
probably do too it's hereditary it was
spread through grandpa Jerry's sperm sac
after he got vaccinated okay all right
you know what I think we're ready for
Thanksgiving up thanks uncle I'll see
you at mom's rules are indecisive Oh Jay
kill Jeffrey Epstein and vice versa okay
thank you very much thanks for watching
if you like that video click the
subscribe button and if you didn't like
it will you hurt my feelings